when we see the whole city of abidjan
I invite you down the youth party
against my garage parked beautiful death
came out at the town hall here is my
garage but why do you have the
to do what these oppressed in not too much
started 9
they are not all customizing because
I want to do the church to have them
do not see he chooses the dryer and that's it
we really have chosen me and
fucking and it will make me happy and me
you are my friend now it's nice
vision we will move from good
business robberies no matter
go ahead choose no vasisht here
now the couple
but the one you want is
we were serious
go I'll offer you this one is this
that this one the tvh a poll and that a
car that lannou the oms to its judges
we're going to go to our garage I 'm going
go see go go up with me have you me
do not trust english ok ok
it does not matter if we look at these waters
there you see yeah that's cool you got it
bought how much
when the content is there you have
how much money to make
thing
but damn but you know the
bitumen of cash machines that
come on you do not know no but by
against you do not want to have you can have
maximum 500 miles but it's already
no
five hundred thousand maigret assuming sumo
but you have to know how to do
manipulations safety handle and you
go ahead you can put yourself in passive mode
it's good we go to the distributors
of banknotes say good that's what you're going
do it but you have to do it l1
good first I tell you is not everything
immediately l1 l2 and an air two crosses
square triangle you're doing there
on time
but it's a bug in fact I'm explaining
it's a buzz to distribute them
cash machines in fact you can
hack but i've
and you can be banished if you
do not do it several times a year that makes
today you do more after you
do not I have not finished no there I have you
not in quantity as much there I respect
first if you do them but do it
not twice the following you wait for tomorrow
or even two days after and on the fact
because otherwise you will make yourself ben
1 am once every two days ok
ok ok let's go get in the
titles and foot in fact here we go
bugger the inhabited site of bizerte
food or so they 1st 2 finally l1 l2
and a1 and a2 square triangle believe on
wait 40 oiron coiron then you see this
time is snapped up at this setting there is the
button and one you leave your finger on
you leave sutton finger but you see
and I invite you to car come I
invite you he puts times it's written what
the application listening choice to type is
what she's next to you type skate
not your beta controller ps4 yeah I'm at
the button and one you leave your finger on
the button and one that will make you
disconnected and I'll laugh quickly and you
will you have 500 miles of man
of which 498 offered it to me but almost 500
but it's a bug but it starts again because
that the cat has messed up the blind it must
you are starting again alain
the expert christian namy guy throw in a
but I'll have a void and you 'll see if
I climbed up to you will see you put way
years me me I'm showing you that I
mini galls I touched a greeter I
am a geek of the ps because you are there you me
do not trust
ok that's what you want but when I'm
reveals everything
water but we left the two molds
we know it we're the asshole the goal is to
you worry too rich to do quickly
I put the balls
here are the damn guys fucking whore one
she leaves her little reporter
left him left left fucking guys
the bodies put me there blows but
she gets paid scanner cons lambert
having fun is happening calmly
it had to be convincing but it was
do too much anyway my brief
it was a little troll just to test
guys I thought other crates
cardboard could be too ugly but the
accomplices guy so you have it well
seen there are naïve about ps4
but hey it's a small aspect that 's okay
more guys thanks and ciao